feat: :sparkles: add scripts to process rhesus monkey data (#40)
seedcase-project/examples: rhesus-monkeys/scripts/README.md

Reviewer: Need to format this markdown :relaxed:

> # Data set on

Reviewer: Is this complete? Feels like an incomplete sentence.

> This data set was first copied from [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/records/7055715) in January 2025. The data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data set was copied from this [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/records/7055715) record. The data
```

When you download it isn't important or necessary information (considering it will be downloaded probably many times after this).
